Exit Armageddon

The story takes place in a utopia Ihleda with a dark secret:- The balance of the utopia’s happiness Is
caused by entrapping the Saint Maglena within a secret location of the headquarters. The story
centres around 17 yr old Anubis, who is tasked with setting Maglena free after he receivers a
message from the saint within a dream.
Anubis(you) wakes up from a dream and recounts the prophecy he received in his dream: He is meant to
find Maglena and set him free from a place named Armageddon that he doesn’t know the location
of.

He is offered two choices: 
1)Look for Armageddon in the Ihleda national library maps
2) Ask his father (the president of Ilheda) about Armageddon
If choice two is chosen, The father will refuse to tell you the location and ground you… the player
will be returned back to the choices.

Choice 1 onwards: Once in the library, you finally find an ancient scripture that shows that
Armageddon is a basement beneath the headquarters of the utopia, where Maglena was trapped
by his trival Yacub. The script gives you two maps. Choose one:

1)One through the forest

2)One through the city market

Forest: You enter through the forest and see a huge cherry blossom tree. Rather unusual.
Break a branch of the tree.
Transported to Armageddon gates.
You open the gates, and in come a flurry of zombies.
You die because you chose to travel from the forest and didnt have a weapon

Market: While travelling through the markets, you find a sword and a bow and arrow in the streets.
Untouched. Ignored.
Pick branch.
Transported to Armageddon Gates.
You open the gates, and in come a flurry of zombies.
You have two choices: 
a) Use sword to fight the zombies.
b) Use bow and arrow to fight the zombies.
c) Try to run away.

Bow and arrow or sword: You defeat the zombies.
Run away: start over

After defeating, you set to free Maglena… but he warns you that Yacub is behind you.
You turn out to find the great nemesis, the evil yacub.
He is rather… familiar.
Almost too familiar.

Thus the great nemesis of Maglena was, infact, your father.
Choices: Use Sword to defeat Yacub and help Maglena
Help Yacub Kill Maglena
Endings
Choice 2: With Maglena gone and nothing to sustain Ihleda, The utopia once again went back to
what it was before 2025… A desolate land. Eventually overtaking your father’s position as the great
evil wizard, you are shunned away from Ihleda by its citizens as they struggle to rebuild their lives
after losing everything.
Choice 1: Defeating your father, his title now belongs to you. But Maglena, the ever-forgiving and
kind wizard, thanks you for your service and instead of being afraid.

